README.md, before:

# toyProblems

My personal solutions to programming challenges I come across.

## Table of Contents
- [6 kyu Find the unique number](6 kyu Find the unique number)
- [7 kyu Numbers with this digit inside](7 kyu Numbers with this digit inside)
- [Arrayception](Arrayception)
- [Balanced Brackets](BalancedBrackets)
- [BinarySearchArray](BinarySearchArray)
- [BubbleSortV.2](BubbleSortV.2)
- [CamelCase](CamelCase)
- [CharacterFrequency](CharacterFrequency)
- [CoinSums](CoinSums)
- [CommonAncestor](CommonAncestor)
- [CommonCharacters](CommonCharacters)
- [ComposePipe](ComposePipe)
- [DeepEquality](DeepEquality)
- [EvenOccurrence](EvenOccurrence)
- [HashTable](HashTable)
- [HashTableResizing](HashTableResizing)
- [InsertionSort](InsertionSort)
- [IslandCount](IslandCount)
- [IsSubsetOf](IsSubsetOf)
- [LinkedList](LinkedList)
- [LongestPalindrome](LongestPalindrome)
- [LongestRun](LongestRun)
- [MergeSort](MergeSort)
- [MilitaryTime](MilitaryTime)
- [Non-repeatedCharacter](Non-repeatedCharacter)
- [OnlyUnique](OnlyUnique)
- [Postfix-NotationCalculator](Postfix-NotationCalculator)
- [PrimeTester](PrimeTester)
- [QueueStack](QueueStack)
- [QuickSort](QuickSort)
- [RobotPaths](RobotPaths)
- [RotateMatrix](RotateMatrix)
- [Tree](Tree)
- [TreeBreadth-FirstSelect](TreeBreadth-FirstSelect)
- [TreeCountLeaves](TreeCountLeaves)
- [TreeDepth-FirstSelect](TreeDepth-FirstSelect)
- [TreeMapping](TreeMapping)

Commit message:

6 kyu Reducing by rules to get the result

README.md, after:

# toyProblems

My personal solutions to programming challenges I come across.

## Table of Contents
- [6 kyu Reducing by rules to get the result](6 kyu Reducing by rules to get the result)
- [6 kyu Find the unique number](6 kyu Find the unique number)
- [7 kyu Numbers with this digit inside](7 kyu Numbers with this digit inside)
- [Arrayception](Arrayception)
- [Balanced Brackets](BalancedBrackets)
- [BinarySearchArray](BinarySearchArray)
- [BubbleSortV.2](BubbleSortV.2)
- [CamelCase](CamelCase)
- [CharacterFrequency](CharacterFrequency)
- [CoinSums](CoinSums)
- [CommonAncestor](CommonAncestor)
- [CommonCharacters](CommonCharacters)
- [ComposePipe](ComposePipe)
- [DeepEquality](DeepEquality)
- [EvenOccurrence](EvenOccurrence)
- [HashTable](HashTable)
- [HashTableResizing](HashTableResizing)
- [InsertionSort](InsertionSort)
- [IslandCount](IslandCount)
- [IsSubsetOf](IsSubsetOf)
- [LinkedList](LinkedList)
- [LongestPalindrome](LongestPalindrome)
- [LongestRun](LongestRun)
- [MergeSort](MergeSort)
- [MilitaryTime](MilitaryTime)
- [Non-repeatedCharacter](Non-repeatedCharacter)
- [OnlyUnique](OnlyUnique)
- [Postfix-NotationCalculator](Postfix-NotationCalculator)
- [PrimeTester](PrimeTester)
- [QueueStack](QueueStack)
- [QuickSort](QuickSort)
- [RobotPaths](RobotPaths)
- [RotateMatrix](RotateMatrix)
- [Tree](Tree)
- [TreeBreadth-FirstSelect](TreeBreadth-FirstSelect)
- [TreeCountLeaves](TreeCountLeaves)
- [TreeDepth-FirstSelect](TreeDepth-FirstSelect)
- [TreeMapping](TreeMapping)
